I'm really excited for the school
princess competition and I am going to
make sure that I win the crab and get
Pocahontas a fever and tears what about
other people you know yeah it's a
competition but we are gonna make sure
that I am gonna win the crown we know
the best princesses oh and by the ways
we are again we're gonna go shopping and
buy my dress and all my accessories but
I signed up for yoga lesson yeah
whatever about that yoga lessons we
don't care about anything but my style
okay I'm tired oh hey sure yeah I really
wish that I could be winning the crown
but only if Ariel is supporting me more
she just really needs she really wants
the crowd I don't know what to do I
might just get out I don't know I hate
that
Ariel girls I am so gonna crush her at
the school princess of the Year
competition calm down calm down
she's a really nice lady no she isn't
this is what happened one week before
school so what happened was I was
walking in the mall and I saw a perfect
pair of jeans my side and right when I
took it Ariel came and smashed it and I
said I saw them first but she wouldn't
listen and right when that happened she
pushed me off and I said I couldn't do
anything cuz right with that happen she
just took the jeans away and and that's
how it happens
whoa whoa whoa wait girl you and Ariel
have been
and over a pair of jeans and hating each
other just for that they weren't just a
pair of jeans there were the only jeans
in my size girl there's lots of shops
stores mas with your size jeans and
you're still fighting over it but it's
just not the same well I was tired good
night hey Belle you want to go shopping
for my accessory than me winning I was
thinking about doing that yoga
I'll forget about the yoga sessions
let's go shopping
imagine my my dress and my accessories
and me on that wall well you start
you better start learning about other
people you know I want to win this -
yeah but you know I had to beat
Pocahontas I want to see her in tears
but okay
I'm sick of danger little puppy what did
I ever say to you it's what you it's
nothing what you said it's what you
didn't say
okay we're done
my friend Arab not my friend anymore she
wants to win the competition and I you
too but I don't know what to pick
she has to win or should I just leave I
think you should follow my heart says
that I want to win then you should do it
you're a really good friend what's your
name my name Isabel now I know that I'm
Ariel's not gonna be the only one that's
gonna win the competition I am too